[MUSIC]
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Thank you everyone for
coming and giving me a week of your life,
so that we can cook more data
structures and algorithms.
So this is a cooking class,
what does that mean?
Let's look at these awesome
cartoons that I found in another or
just like the most perfect thing ever.
So there's us, I'm wearing the chef hat,
that's you with the smile, and
you have the tools.
You have your editor,
your laptop and the internet.
And you're ready to go, that's step one.
Step two, I'm gonna stand up here and
talk at you and
do some demonstrations
about different concepts.
And you're gonna sit there a watch,
and raise your hand and
ask questions.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: We're gonna do some
stuff together, this is more of the
interactive question slide, or cartoon.
Where I'm gonna show you some stuff,
you're gonna also be doing it as well, so
here we are.
It looks like we're cutting
corn on the cob, or something.
We're doing it together and
then you're gonna do it.
So this is the key here, right?
The key here is that you need
to implement these yourself.
So, there's me, just cheering you on,
woo, which I am really good at.
And there's you, in the kitchen.
Cooking out these data structures and
algorithms.
Again, this is the key,
because we can talk about it
theoretically about it all day.
Trust me if you give me a chance, I will.
I will just talk to you
all day about this stuff.
But really the gold is when you're
implementing them yourself.
When you're on the job and
you have to do it.
When you are in an interview and
you need to answer a question.
Talking theory,
drawing pictures will only get you so far.
It might get you part of the way, right?
But the doing it yourself is going to be
super crucial, so with that this is not.
I just love it, this is so
perfect, my god.
It's not like a cooking show, where
you're just gonna sit back and relax, and
they talk to you.
And then suddenly you're gonna be an
expert in data structures and algorithms.
This is a very complex topic, and
it really just is gonna take time for
you to dedicate, to actually
implementing these yourself, cool?
So there you are, byond this class,
continuing to cook with
your algorithms book.
Isn't this just a perfect cartoon?
I just can't get over it, I love it.
I didn't make these myself either.
So that's this class, and
that's what I mean by cooking.
So a lot of people,
they'll come to a class and
they think you know I paid money for
a class.
I'm gonna be serve this information, and
maybe the in traditional
educational settings.
You may have a professor,
they may have a silver platter and say,
here is the information,
here is a here's your hash table.
And I'm gonna serve it to you, and you're
gonna sit a table with a white table cloth
and like lots of forks and spoons.
And you don't know which one to
touch first, you know what I mean,
that kind of setting?
Are you guys following my visual here?
So this is not this class,
this is not a five-star restaurant,
this is a five-star kitchen, right?
You're gonna go in the kitchen,
I'm gonna coach you through.
But you're going to be practicing
these data structures and
algorithms on your own.
You're going to be cooking them up,
that make sense?
You guys like my analogy?
It's awesome, right?
I love it.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: All right, so
who am I?
I'm an educator, engineer,
I co-founded Telegraph Academy, and
currently I'm the Interim Managing
Director of Hack Reactor Remote Beta.
So I have a lot of experience in immersive
coding, educational environments,
teaching Mostly teaching,
but a lot of other things.
Job placement, stuff like that.
If you're curious, you can read my bio.
It's not super interesting.
My shoes, we were talking about that.
I kind of skip my intro.
My favorite shoes are probably like
sandals like the one's that I'm wearing,
like Velcro, Team Velcro.
What does that say about me?
I'm kind of a hippie nerd.
I live in Berkeley, and
I just embrace that.
So, we'll be doing yoga.
We'll be drinking tea.
We'll be staring deeply into each
other's souls as we cook organic.
Data structures only, okay.
Sustainable [LAUGH] Data structures,
so that's me.
A little bit of background on what do
I even know about data structures and
algorithms.
So basically,
it all started just a few years ago,
when I was inspired by in Queens
algorithm coding challenge.
I found it really really difficult and
those of you who
may have known me from other classes or
are getting to know me will know.
That if something is hard for me or
is a challenge then I'm going to jump
on it, that's a motivator for me.
I'm a very very competitive person,
and I'm just like, my god,
if it's winning, I have to beat it.
So that's [LAUGH] kind of why I
started this algorithms meet up,
to start, to basically force
myself to learn about algorithms.
So every week we would come together,
I would teach about an algorithm,
we'd solve it together.
And that was sort of the beginning,
the seeds of this course.
And I was working at
Hack Reactor at the time.
And because of this I had to
study [LAUGH] a lot MOOCs.
And all these kinds of data structures and
algorithms classes.
Last year, I founded Telegraph Academy.
A couple weeks ago, I just started as
Interim Managing Director of Remote Data.
And over the year or so,
I officially created this course with
a couple of friends of mine,
Jeff Lee and Katrina Uychaco.
So, shout out to them for all their help.
And so what does this say?
This says that I have a lot of
experience working with people,
learning data structures and algorithms.
But this doesn't mean, I don't have
a PhD in data structures in algorithms.
I'm not the authority on this topic.
But what I can do is I can
coach you through them and
share on the practical aspects of it.
So this is not a theoretical
analysis of algorithms.
This is, how are you really gonna
be using this on your day to day.
Where does this show up in interviews and
things like that?
Does that make sense?
So there's a spectrum of
classes you can take on this.
There's the practical side, and then
there's like, my god we're writing proofs,
and there's math, right?
We're gonna be a little bit here,
does that make sense?
So we're gonna be doing like big
on notation and a little bit of
like how you can estimate the speed
of your algorithm, stuff like that.
But it's not gonna be a hardcore analysis,
math kind of stuff.
So for those of you who,
who here has a math background?
You might be like aw, but, we can nerd out
about it off the beaten path if we want.